{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 King\'92s Cup\
Ace: Waterfall\
2: You\
3: Me\
4: Pour (this is the only time you\'92re allowed to refill your drinks without penalty! Good for pacing; if you run out before the next 4 is played, you\'92re on the hook for a shot made by another player. Drink responsibly fellas)\
5: Guys\
6*: Chicks\
7: Heaven\
8: Mate (make the penis in vagina hand symbol first; mates works fine when there\'92s like four or more of you, but we found it very dull when playing with 2)\
9: Signs (mirror movements when playing with 2; round of thumper with 3 or more)\
10: Categories\
Jack/11: Three finger Never Have I Ever\
Queen/12*: Queens/Queen (if in a deck without 6\'92s, ladies drink; otherwise the lady who most recently went including whomever drew the card gets to make up a new rule, punishable by shots. House go to drinking rules are below. If no one in your group identifies as a woman, way to invent democracy! Everyone votes on their sovereign who is unbound by their gender)\
King/Sorry: Pick the next song in the playlist because I am too damn old to be drinking rumble hooch\
\
*Sorry for some reason omits 6 and 9, so 12 becomes women drink and signs just disappears into the foreverland\
\
Go-To Drinking Rules to Add to a Game\
1. The Macaulay Culkin: \uc0\u8203 The rule maker at any point may place his hands\
on his cheeks, a la Home Alone. The last person to copy drinks a shot.\
2. You Sure About That?\uc0\u8203 : Everything has to sound like it ends in a\
question mark?\
3. The Narcissus\uc0\u8203 : Everyone, including myself, compliment me every time\
they have to drink. No repeating compliments allows for some very\
strange but hilarious compliments.\
4. The King and I\uc0\u8203 : For the rest of the game no one's head can be above\
mine. Any time that it is they drink.\
5. The Riddler: \uc0\u8203 Every question has to start with "riddle me this".\
6. Gentleman\'92s Rules\uc0\u8203 : No pointing. No swearing. No \'91drink/drank/drunk\'92\
7. Swine Rules\uc0\u8203 : You must point at the person you\'92re talking to and swear in\
every sentence.\
8. The Madam President\uc0\u8203 : When you speak, you have to put your 2 fingers\
to your ear as if you are part of the President's security detail, communicating with other personnel.\
9. The T-Rex:\uc0\u8203  shove your arms in your sleeves to look like a T-Rex\
10. The Safety First: \uc0\u8203 Undo your invisible seat belt whenever you get up.\
Back on when you sit down.\
11. The House of Parliament: \uc0\u8203 You can only refer to people as "My right-honourable friend/The right-honourable lady from <street name>", and raise any accusation of rule breaking by addressing "Madam Speaker"\
12. The MOOSE!\uc0\u8203 : When the rule-maker says moose, you have to put your hands on your head to resemble moose antlers\
13. The Splash Zone:\uc0\u8203  People either side of someone drinking also drink 14. The Tea and Crumpets\u8203 : All players must hold their beer with the fancy\
pinky}